Combine Data (Combine) : Combine non-null items out of several inputs
Insert Items (Ins) : Insert a collection of items into a list.
Null Item (Null) : Test a data item for null or invalidity
Item Index (Index) : Retrieve the index of a certain item in a list.
List Item (Item) : Retrieve a specific item from a list.
List Length (Lng) : Measure the length of a list.
Pick'n'Choose (P'n'C) : Pick and choose from a set of input data.
Replace Items (Replace) : Replace certain items in a list.
Shift List (Shift) : Offset all items in a list.
Sift Pattern (Sift) : Sift elements in a list using a repeating index pattern.
Sort List (Sort) : Sort a list of numeric keys.
Split List (Split) : Split a list into separate parts.
Sub List (SubSet) : Extract a subset from a list.
Text On Surface (TextSrf) : Create a collection of textual symbols aligned on a surface.
Text Case (Case) : Change the CaSiNg of a piece of text
Concatenate (Concat) : Concatenate some fragments of text
Text Fragment (Fragment) : Extract a fragment (subset) of some text
Replace Text (Rep) : Replace all occurences of a specific text fragment with another
Sort Text (TSort) : Sort a collection of text fragments
Text Distance (TDist) : Compute the Levenshtein distance between two fragments of text.
Text Join (Join) : Join a collection of text fragments into one
Text Length (Len) : Get the length (character count) of some text
Match Text (TMatch) : Match a text against a pattern
Text Split (Split) : Split some text into fragments using separators
Characters (Chars) : Break text into individual characters
Text Trim (Trim) : Remove whitespace characters from the start and end of some text.
Char Sequence (CharSeq) : Create a sequence of textual characters.
Cull Index (Cull i) : Cull (remove) indexed elements from a list.
Cull Nth (CullN) : Cull (remove) every Nth element in a list.
Cull Pattern (Cull) : Cull (remove) elements in a list using a repeating bit mask.
Duplicate Data (Dup) : Duplicate data a predefined number of times.
Fibonacci (Fib) : Creates a Fibonacci sequence.
Random Reduce (Reduce) : Randomly remove N items from a list
Repeat Data (Repeat) : Repeat a pattern until it reaches a certain length.
Sequence (Seq) : Generate a sequence of numbers
Stack Data (Stack) : Duplicate individual items in a list of data
Create Set (CSet) : Creates the valid set from a list of items (a valid set only contains distinct elements).
Find similar member (FSim) : Find the most similar member in a set.
Key/Value Search (KeySearch) : Extract an item from a collection using a key-value match
Delete Consecutive (DCon) : Delete consecutive similar members in a set.
Replace Members (Replace) : Replace members in a set.
Carthesian Product (CProd) : Create the Carthesian product for two sets of identical cardinality.
Set Difference (Difference) : Create the difference of two sets (the collection of objects present in A but not in B).
Set Intersection (Intersection) : Creates the intersection of two sets (the collection of unique objects present in both sets).
Member Index (MIndex) : Find the occurences of a specific member in a set.
Set Difference (S) : (ExDiff)Create the symmetric difference of two sets (the collection of objects present in A or B but not both).
Set Majority (Majority) : Determine majority member presence amongst three sets.
Set Union (SUnion) : Creates the union of two sets (the collection of unique objects present in either set).
Construct Path (Path) : Construct a data tree branch path.
Deconstruct Path (DPath) : Deconstruct a data tree path into individual integers.
Relative Item (RelItem) : Retrieve a relative item combo from a data tree
Relative Items (RelItem2) : Retrieve a relative item combo from two data trees
Tree Branch (Branch) : Retrieve a specific branch from a data tree.
Tree Item (Item) : Retrieve a specific item from a data tree.
Tree Statistics (TStat) : Get some statistics regarding a data tree.
