Gate And (And) : Perform boolean conjunction (AND gate).
Gate Majority (Vote) : Calculates the majority vote among three booleans.
Equality (Equals) : Test for (in)equality of two numbers
Factorial (Fac) : Returns the factorial of an integer.
Larger Than (Larger) : Larger than (or equal to)
Mass Addition (MA) : Perform mass addition of a list of items
Mass Multiplication (MM) : Perform mass multiplication of a list of items
Gate Nand (Nand) : Perform boolean alternative denial (NAND gate).
Gate Nor (Nor) : Perform boolean joint denial (NOR gate).
Gate Not (Not) : Perform boolean negation (NOT gate).
Gate Or (Or) : Perform boolean disjunction (OR gate).
Relative Differences (RelDif) : Compute relative differences for a list of data
Similarity (Similar) : Test for similarity of two numbers
Smaller Than (Smaller) : Smaller than (or equal to)
Addition (A+B) : Mathematical addition
Multiplication (A×B) : Mathematical multiplication
Subtraction (A-B) : Mathematical subtraction
Gate Xnor (Xnor) : Perform boolean biconditional (XNOR gate).
Gate Xor (Xor) : Perform boolean exclusive disjunction (XOR gate).
Division (A/B) : Mathematical division
Integer Division (A\B) : Mathematical integer division
Modulus (Mod) : Divides two numbers and returns only the remainder.
Power (Pow) : Raise a value to a power.
Absolute (Abs) : Compute the absolute of a value.
Negative (Neg) : Compute the negative of a value.
Average (Avr) : Solve the arithmetic average for a set of items
Blur Numbers (NBlur) : Blur a list of numbers by averaging neighbours
Complex Argument (Arg) : Get the argument of a Complex number
Complex Components (Complex) : Extract the Real and Imaginary components from a complex number
Complex Conjugate (z*) : Create the conjugate of a Complex number
Complex Modulus (CMod) : Get the modulus of a Complex number
Create Complex (Complex) : Create a complex number from a Real and an Imaginary component
Natural logarithm (E) : Returns a factor of the natural number (e).
Epsilon (Eps) : Returns a factor of double precision floating point epsilon.
Extremes (Extrz) : Find the extremes in a list of values
Interpolate data (Interp) : Interpolate a collection of data.
Golden Ratio (Phi) : Returns a factor of the golden ratio (Phi).
Truncate (Trunc) : Perform truncation of numerical extremes
Weighted Average (Wav) : Solve the arithmetic weighted average for a set of items
Maximum (Max) : Return the greater of two items.
Minimum (Min) : Return the lesser of two items.
ArcCosine (ACos) : Compute the angle whose cosine is the specified value.
ArcSine (ASin) : Compute the angle whose sine is the specified value.
ArcTangent (ATan) : Compute the angle whose tangent is the specified value.
Cosine (Cos) : Compute the cosine of a value
CoSecant (Csc) : Compute the co-secant (reciprocal of the Sine) of an angle.
CoTangent (Cot) : Compute the co-tangent (reciprocal of the Tangent) of an angle.
Secant (Sec) : Compute the secant (reciprocal of the Cosine) of an angle.
Sine (Sin) : Compute the sine of a value
SincCompute the sinc (Sinus Cardinalis) : of a value.
Tangent (Tan) : Compute the tangent of a value
Degrees (Deg) : Convert an angle specified in radians to degrees
Radians (Rad) : Convert an angle specified in degrees to radians
Right Trigonometry (RTrig) : Right triangle trigonometry
Circumcentre (CCentre) : Generate the triangle circumcentre from perpendicular bisectors.
Incentre (ICentre) : Generate the triangle incentre from angle bisectors.
Orthocentre (OCentre) : Generate the triangle orthocentre from altitudes.
Triangle Trigonometry (Trig) : Generic triangle trigonometry
Construct Domain² (Dom²) : Create a two-dimensional domain from two simple domains.
Construct Domain (Dom) : Create a numeric domain from two numeric extremes.
Deconstruct Domain² (DeDom2) : Deconstruct a two-dimensional domain into its component parts
Deconstruct Domain (DeDomain) : Deconstruct a numeric domain into its component parts.
Divide Domain² (Divide) : Divides a two-dimensional domain into equal segments.
Divide Domain (Div) : Divide a domain into equal segments.
Find Domain (FDom) : Find the first domain that contains a specific value
Includes (Inc) : Test a numeric value to see if it is included in the domain
Consecutive Domains (Consec) : Create consecutive domains from a list of numbers
Bounds (Bnd) : Create a numeric domain which encompasses a list of numbers.
Bounds 2D (Bnd) : Create a numeric two-dimensional domain which encompasses a list of coordinates.
Remap Numbers (ReMap) : Remap numbers into a new numeric domain
Log N (LogN) : Return the N-base logarithm of a number.
Power of 10 (10º) : Raise 10 to the power of N.
Power of 2 (2º) : Raise 2 to the power of N.
Cube Root (Cbrt) : Compute the cube root of a value
Power of E (Eº) : Raise E to the power of N.
Logarithm (Log) : Compute the Base-10 logarithm of a value.
One Over X (1/x) : Compute one over x.
Square (Sqr) : Compute the square of a value
Square Root (Sqrt) : Compute the square root of a value
Combine Date & Time (CDate) : Combine a pure date and a pure time into a single date
Construct Date (Date) : Construct a date and time instance.
Construct Exotic Date (DateEx) : Construct a date using a specific calendar
Construct Smooth Time (SmTime) : Construct a time instance from smooth components
Construct Time (Time) : Construct a time instance
Date Range (RDate) : Create a range of successive dates or times
Deconstruct Date (DDate) : Deconstruct a date into years, months, days, hours, minutes and seconds
Interpolate Date (IntDate) : Interpolate between two dates or times.
Construct Matrix (Matrix) : Construct a matrix from initial values
Deconstruct Matrix (DeMatrix) : Deconstruct a matrix into its component parts
Invert Matrix (MInvert) : Invert a matrix
Swap Columns (SwapC) : Swap two columns in a matrix
Swap Rows (SwapR) : Swap two rows in a matrix
Transpose Matrix (Transpose) : Transpose a matrix (swap rows and columns)
GhPython Script (Python) : GhPython provides a Python script component
Evaluate (Eval) : Evaluate an expression with a flexible number of variables.
C# Script (C#) : A C#.NET scriptable component
VB Script (VB) : A VB.NET scriptable component
