Adjust Plane (PAdjust) : Adjust a plane to match a new normal direction
Align Plane (Align) : Perform minimal rotation to align a plane with a guide vector
Align Planes (Align) : Align planes by minimizing their serial rotation.
Construct Plane (Pl) : Construct a plane from an origin point and {x}, {y} axes.
Deconstruct Plane (DePlane) : Deconstruct a plane into its component parts.
Flip Plane (PFlip) : Flip or swap the axes of a plane
Plane 3Pt (Pl 3Pt) : Create a plane through three points.
Plane Closest Point (CP) : Find the closest point on a plane.
Plane Coordinates (PlCoord) : Get the coordinates of a point in a plane axis system.
Plane Fit (PlFit) : Fit a plane through a set of points.
Line + Line (LnLn) : Create a plane from two line segments.
Line + Pt (LnPt) : Create a plane from a line and a point.
Plane Normal (Pl) : Create a plane perpendicular to a vector.
Plane Offset (Pl Offset) : Offset a plane.
Plane Origin (Pl Origin) : Change the origin point of a plane
Rotate Plane (PRot) : Perform plane rotation around plane z-axis
XY Plane (XY) : World XY plane.
XZ Plane (XZ) : World XZ plane.
YZ Plane (YZ) : World YZ plane.
Project Point (Project) : Project a point onto a collection of shapes
Closest Point (CP) : Find closest point in a point collection.
Closest Points (CPs) : Find closest points in a point collection.
Construct Point (Pt) : Construct a point from {xyz} coordinates.
Cull Duplicates (CullPt) : Cull points that are coincident within tolerance
Deconstruct (pDecon) : Deconstruct a point into its component parts.
Distance (Dist) : Compute Euclidean distance between two point coordinates.
Numbers to Points (Num2Pt) : Convert a list of numbers to a list of points
Barycentric (BCentric) : Create a point from barycentric {u,v,w} coordinates
Point Cylindrical (Pt) : Create a point from cylindrical {angle,radius,elevation} coordinates.
Point Groups (PGroups) : Create groups from nearby points
Point Oriented (Pt) : Create a point from plane {u,v,w} coordinates.
Point Polar (Pt) : Create a point from polar {phi,theta,offset} coordinates.
To Polar (Polar) : Convert a 3D point to plane polar coordinates.
Points to Numbers (Pt2Num) : Convert a list of points to a list of numbers
Pull Point (Pull) : Pull a point to a variety of geometry.
Vector XYZ (Vec) : Create a vector from {xyz} components.
Deconstruct Vector (DeVec) : Deconstruct a vector into its component parts.
Unit Vector (Unit) : Unitize vector.
Unit X (X) : Unit vector parallel to the world {x} axis.
Unit Y (Y) : Unit vector parallel to the world {y} axis.
Unit Z (Z) : Unit vector parallel to the world {z} axis.
Vector 2Pt (Vec2Pt) : Create a vector between two points.
Amplitude (Amp) : Set the amplitude (length) of a vector.
Cross Product (XProd) : Compute vector cross product.
Dot Product (DProd) : Compute vector dot product.
Vector Length (VLen) : Compute the length (amplitude) of a vector.
Reverse (Rev) : Reverse a vector (multiply by -1).
Rotate (VRot) : Rotate a vector around an axis.
Break Field (BreakF) : Break a field into individual elements
Line Charge (LCharge) : Create a field due to a line charge
Point Charge (PCharge) : Create a field due to a point charge
Spin Force (FSpin) : Create a field due to a spin force
Vector Force (FVector) : Create a field due to a vector force
Evaluate Field (EvF) : Evaluate a field at a point
Tensor Display (FTensor) : Display the tensor vectors of a field section
Direction Display (FDir) : Display the force directions of a field section
Field Line (FLine) : Compute the field line through a certain point
Scalar Display (FScalar) : Display the scalar values of a field section
Perpendicular Display (FPerp) : Display the perpendicularity of a field through a section
Merge Fields (MergeF) : Merge a collection of fields into one
Hexagonal (HexGrid) : 2D grid with hexagonal cells
Populate Geometry (PopGeo) : Populate generic geometry with points
Populate 2D (Pop2D) : Populate a 2-Dimensional region with points
Radial (RadGrid) : 2D radial grid
Rectangular (RecGrid) : 2D grid with rectangular cells
Square (SqGrid) : 2D grid with square cells
Triangular (TriGrid) : 2D grid with triangular cells
