Evaluate Length (Eval) : Evaluate a curve at a certain factor along its length. Length factors can be supplied both in curve units and normalized units. Change the [N] parameter to toggle between the two modes.
Closed (Cls) : Test if a curve is closed or periodic.
Control Points (CP) : Extract the nurbs control points and knots of a curve.
Control Polygon (CPoly) : Extract the nurbs control polygon of a curve.
Curve Closest Point (Crv CP) : Find the closest point on a curve.
Derivatives (CDiv) : Evaluate the derivatives of a curve at a specified parameter.
Discontinuity (Disc) : Find all discontinuities along a curve.
Curve Domain (CrvDom) : Measure and set the curve domain
Extremes (X-tremez) : Find the extremes (highest and lowest points) on a curve.
Curve Middle (MidPt) : Get the point in the middle of a curve
Curve Nearest Object (CrvNear) : Find the object nearest to a curve.
Curve Proximity (CrvProx) : Find the pair of closest points between two curves.
Segment Lengths (LenSeg) : Finds the shortest and longest segments of a curve.
Curve Side (Side) : Find on which side of a curve a point exists
Deconstruct Arc (DArc) : Retrieve the base plane, radius and angle domain of an arc.
Deconstuct Rectangle (DRec) : Retrieve the base plane and side intervals of a rectangle.
End Points (End) : Extract the end points of a curve.
Evaluate Curve (Eval) : Evaluate a curve at the specified parameter.
Length (Len) : Measure the length of a curve.
Length Domain (LenD) : Measure the length of a curve subdomain.
Length Parameter (LenP) : Measure the length of a curve to and from a parameter.
Point In Curve (InCurve) : Test a point for closed curve containment.
Point in Curves (InCurves) : Test a point for multiple closed curve containment.
Polygon Center (PCen) : Find the center point (average) for a polyline.
Curve Frame (Frame) : Get the curvature frame of a curve at a specified parameter.
Horizontal Frame (HFrame) : Get a horizontally aligned frame along a curve at a specified parameter.
Perp Frame (PFrame) : Solve the perpendicular (zero-twisting) frame at a specified curve parameter.
Modified Arc (ModArc) : Create an arc based on another arc.
Arc 3Pt (Arc) : Create an arc through three points.
Arc SED (Arc) : Create an arc defined by start point, end point and a tangent vector.
Circle (Cir) : Create a circle defined by base plane and radius.
Circle 3Pt (Circle) : Create a circle defined by three points.
Circle CNR (Circle) : Create a circle defined by center, normal and radius.
Circle Fit (FCircle) : Fit a circle to a collection of points.
Circle TanTan (CircleTT) : Create a circle tangent to two curves.
Circle TanTanTan (CircleTTT) : Create a circle tangent to three curves.
InEllipseCreate the inscribed ellipse (Steiner ellipse) : of a triangle.
Line (Ln) : Create a line between two points.
Line 2Plane (Ln2Pl) : Create a line between two planes.
Line 4Pt (Ln4Pt) : Create a line from four points.
Fit Line (FLine) : Fit a line to a collection of points.
Line SDL (Line) : Create a line segment defined by start point, tangent and length.}
Polygon Edge (PolEdge) : Create a polygon from a single edge.
Rectangle 2Pt (Rec 2Pt) : Create a rectangle from a base plane and two points
Rectangle 3Pt (Rec 3Pt) : Create a rectangle from three points
Tangent Arcs (TArc) : Create tangent arcs between circles
Tangent Lines (Tan) : Create tangent lines between a point and a circle
Tangent Lines (Ex) : (TanEx)Create external tangent lines between circles
Tangent Lines (In) : (TanIn)Create internal tangent lines between circles
Bezier Span (BzSpan) : Construct a bezier span from endpoints and tangents.
Blend Curve (BlendC) : Create a blend curve between two curves.
Blend Curve Pt (BlendCPt) : Create a blend curve between two curves that intersects a point.
Catenary (Cat) : Create a catenary chain between two points.
Connect Curves (Connect) : Connect a sequence of curves.
Nurbs Curve (Nurbs) : Construct a nurbs curve from control points.
Interpolate (IntCrv) : Create an interpolated curve through a set of points.
Curve On Surface (CrvSrf) : Create an interpolated curve through a set of points on a surface.
Interpolate (t) : (IntCrv(t))Create an interpolated curve through a set of points with tangents.
Tangent Curve (TanCurve) : Create a curve through a set of points with tangents.
Iso Curve (Iso) : Construct {uv} isocurves on a surface.
Kinky Curve (KinkCrv) : Construct an interpolated curve through a set of points with a kink angle threshold.
Nurbs Curve PWK (NurbCrv) : Construct a nurbs curve from control points, weights and knots.
Knot Vector (Knots) : Construct a nurbs curve knot vector.
PolyArc (PArc) : Create a polycurve consisting of arc and line segments.
PolyLine (PLine) : Create a polyline connecting a number of points.
Sub Curve (SubCrv) : Construct a curve from the sub-domain of a base curve.
Tween Curve (TweenCrv) : Tween between two curves.
Polyline Collapse (PCol) : Collapse short segments in a polyline curve.
Curve To Polyline (ToPoly) : Convert a curve to a polyline.
Extend Curve (Ext) : Extend a curve by a specified distance.
Fillet Distance (Fillet) : Fillet the sharp corners of a curve by distance.
Fit Curve (Fit) : Fit a curve along another curve.
Flip Curve (Flip) : Flip a curve using an optional guide curve.
Join Curves (Join) : Join as many curves as possible
Offset Curve (Offset) : Offset a curve with a specified distance.
Offset Curve Loose (Offset (L) : )Offset the control-points of a curve with a specified distance.
Offset on Srf (OffsetS) : Offset a curve on a surface with a specified distance.
Pull Curve (Pull) : Pull a curve onto a surface.
Rebuild Curve (ReB) : Rebuild a curve with a specific number of control-points.
Reduce (RedPLine) : Reduce a polyline by removing least significant vertices.
Simplify Curve (Simplify) : Simplify a curve.
Smooth Polyline (SmoothPLine) : Smooth the vertices of a polyline curve.
Dash Pattern (Dash) : Convert a curve to a dash pattern.
Contour (ex) : (Contour)Create a set of Curve contours
Curve Frames (Frames) : Generate a number of equally spaced curve frames.
Horizontal Frames (HFrames) : Generate a number of equally spaced, horizontally aligned curve frames.
Perp Frames (PFrames) : Generate a number of equally spaced, perpendicular frames along a curve.
Divide Curve (Divide) : Divide a curve into equal length segments
Divide Distance (DivDist) : Divide a curve with a preset distance between points
Divide Length (DivLength) : Divide a curve into segments with a preset length
